Rolling up is actually going through one dimension like for example,
the branch and instead of having here the cities,
we're going to group all the US Cities and sum them,
and all the French cities and sum them.
With that, we have rolled up,
we say that we have rolled up the branch dimension.
Similarly, we can also drill down,
which means we're going to take each city and decompose it,
let's say to districts.
With rolling up actually, the dimension actually,
you get fewer values here,
and was drilling down you get more values.
That's why the OLAP cube should store the finest grain of data,
sometimes called atomic data,
in case we need to drill down to the lowest level.
For example, country and then city and then district and then street.
In our OLAP cubes,
we choose the city as our grain of the dimension.
But then we can go into a more coarse screen or we
can go into a more fine grain or even finer grain.
At one in time are going to say,
for example, that we will not go beyond street.
So, that would be the atomic data on the finest grain.